Support for snapshot versioning and publish under custom tag (#359)
atlassian/changesets: .changeset/dry-rivers-train.md

---
"@changesets/apply-release-plan": minor
"@changesets/assemble-release-plan": minor
"@changesets/cli": minor
---

> - Add support for snapshot flag to version command. Usage: `changeset version --snapshot [tag]`

Reviewer: Could you describe the motivation and the use case for this?

The second thing (`publish --tag`) is not tightly coupled to the `--snapshot` so it could be moved to a separate changeset.

"@changesets/cli": minor
---

> - Add support for snapshot flag to version command. Usage: `changeset version --snapshot [tag]`. The updated version of the packages look like `0.0.0[-tag]-YYYYMMDDHHMMSS` where YYYY, MM, DD, HH, MM and SS is the date and time of when snapshot version is created. We can use this feature with combination of the tag option in publish command to publsh packages under exprimental tags from feature branches. To publish package a snapshot version of package under experimetal we can do:

Reviewer: This is a good quality changeset! 👍

I've just a few grammar-related nits:

```suggestion
Add support for snapshot flag to version command. Usage: `changeset version --snapshot [tag]`. The updated version of the packages looks like `0.0.0[-tag]-YYYYMMDDHHMMSS` where YYYY, MM, DD, HH, MM, and SS is the date and time of when snapshot version is created. We can use this feature with a combination of the tag option in publish command to publish packages under experimental tags from feature branches. To publish a snapshot version of a package under experimental tag we can do:
```
